ha freakin Logan it is your girl has no
idea how to do her hair slash cami slash
supreme banana and I am back
finally with another spirituality
manifestation vid / very high request /
extraordinary things happening in my
life and I just wanna share with you
guys and I just want to make a
disclaimer this is not to flex
whatsoever I actually would be more
comfortable keeping this like low-key
like I don't really like talking numbers
or talking about my income but I want to
be specific about details and tell you
guys the story so you guys can see the
power of manifestation and realize that
every single one of us has this power
within us and we can literally change
our lives for the better whether it's
money or weight or love or anything
basically everything that I'm be talking
about can be applied to anything your
life I just applied it to money
specifically and yeah
I literally manifested $15,000
let's get into how I manifested the
Mondays my money manifestation process
began a few months prior so maybe like
five months prior but I say two and a
half months because two and a half
months before I got the Mondays I
literally wrote down exactly what
happened but what I'm saying is I began
my money manifestation process like five
months prior and that was by beginning
reading these beautiful incredible books
this is you are about us and this is you
are about us and making money these
books are absolutely incredible I
recommend them to everyone I meet and I
really can thank them for just
absolutely kick-starting my money
manifestation game basically what these
books did for me was changed my mindset
which was key to manifesting money
because we live in a society at least
how I view it that money is viewed as a
convict we see money as the problem we
see people doing horrible things with
money whether it's like corruption or
hurting people or seeking their power
but the thing is the problem is not in
the money the problem is with the people
with the money I always saw money as the
problem so I always saw money as a
negative thing it kind of was this
subconscious thought that I didn't even
realize I had until I read this book and
Jen talks about how you have to love
money I think a lot of us at least have
a little bit of guilt when it comes to
money a little bit of negativity and
that repels money like if you have the
mindset of money is evil guess what it's
not going to come to you so step one
change your mindset and this took a lot
a lot of practice every day I would
repeat affirmation saying I love money
money comes to mean abundance money is
amazing money allows me to do incredible
things money is freedom and you might
not believe these things at first but
once you repeat affirmations it's kind
of training your subconscious so once I
was training my mindset to love money
and not hate it and therefore repel it
which also goes to like yourself do you
have a mindset that you are terrible
with money change that okay this is
the law of attraction you're gonna be
attracting what you give out if you are
constantly saying believing and thinking
that you are awful with money you are
poor money doesn't come to you guess
what it's not gonna come to you step
number two what I did is act as
act as if I did have a lot of money
which can be a little tricky when the
money hasn't come to you yet you know
how are you supposed to go out spending
when you don't got the monies to spend
so I did this kind of in a smaller way
so say for example I wanted to go out to
eat and I forgot to mention that before
I manifested this money I was at the
poorest point in a really long time my
bank account was not looking very good
so a lot of times I was like oh I can't
afford going to eat out or I should wait
to go get groceries until a couple days
so like I don't have to spend the monies
or whatever but instead I did little
actions that instead of thinking I
shouldn't do the sinks I don't have
money I would go and do it
you need to act as if the money is here
and you know the money is coming that's
the most important part just trusting
that the money is coming and acting as
if where no drainage is provided except
open sewers where supplies of water are
inadequate one lives with the
ever-present threat of epidemic diseases
that there have been no epidemics in
Nong Khai so far is a great tribute to
the medical team but most of all it's
due to the skill and dedication of
people like dr. Garcia who have the
ability to earn substantial money in
their own country but who choose to work
for Refugees
then a tan tan tan
[Music]